# SNHU
24 Hour Clock SNHU
This is a very early project in my C++ learning career. The task for this project was to create a working digital clock that displayed standard time as well as military time. User interaction was established by allowing single increments to the hour, minute, and second. After creating the skeleton of my program I found myself spending a large amount of time changing small details. I was having trouble finding support online for formatting cout statements in C++ so I had to figure out an important piece for myself. I was frustrated that as the digits in both clocks changed, the values would align to the wrong side of the output. This prevented the '*' from lining up parallel even when the length of whitespace was set. I finally figured out this was due to how integer variables and values print differently than strings. I used a string stream to fix this problem and convert my time into a string. After this, all clock values lined up correctly. It was a satisfying solution, but I would improve a lot about this program. The intended purpose of the digital timepiece was to practice creating functions which is exactly what I would improve. With what I know now I would create a separate file for functions and rework them. The user should be prompted once at the beginning of the program to input a custom time that can be changed with setting selections. The menu present would be included in the while loop to remind the user what available commands they have. Learning more about the importance of functions will carry over to more than other C++ programs. It was excellent practice with C++ syntax but the motivation to replace repetitive code with functions is a skill that all programming languages benefit from. It wasn't until my last-minute edits and submission that I realized the power of a function.
